I would start creating my own input my own user interface here on the shopping lists page any shopping
list aged hemol file of course since this holds our page template.
Now there I deleted the comment and my first step is to change the style here to shopping list like
it is to have it look a bit nicer.
Now in the iron content here I'm going to set up my form a normal HVM old form element here.
Now I will remove the action because we're not submitting the form like this will let English to handle
this but I'll come back to this later.
Inside of this form I want to set up a list which will hold my individual I and or my input I should
say which will be stored in I-N items.
I will use this I and list an item set up here because this is kind of the ironic way of creating input's
forms as this allows you to style your inputs really nicely of course you don't have to use this pattern.
You could also use a grid and organize your inputs in that grid.
That would be fine to just play around with it and find a style you prefer using the grid and columns
next to each other where one Grid column stores the label on the hour one store is the actual input
field might be fine too.
Again I'm going to use this pattern here where in my eye an item identifier i n label which will be
the text displayed next to the input field though we will also learn about alternative placements in
a second.
And I want to give this first input field and creating a label of name because this will be the name
of the ingredient we're going to add to the shopping list.
Now I and label here can be configured in different ways.
And again a great place to learn more about is this the official documentation here.
If you have a look at inputs and this can be confusing we have to go to inputs not labels.
There is no label element but inputs you find different ways of configuring your labels to position
it differently.
For example a fixed will position them left 2D element or to your input and make sure that the inputs
start on the same point you could then say so that the inputs are directly beneath each other.
Can an older set up floating labels which allows you to click on the input and then the label will float
up inline labels which are part of your input then or where you have a Where will the actual input is
closer to the label then.
And so on.
So definitely play around with those adjustments with those settings here inline actually the default
if you don't add anything.
I'm going to go with fixed though to have all my labels fixed beneath each other on the left and then
I will add an actual input field.
Now there are a couple of different types of inputs and ionic two.
I will start with the very basic Well input itself ion input where again you can learn more about in
the input component documentation article you already opened probably and this ion input here then is
configured like a normal h m l input element.
So we can set up a type and the type here Shelby Tex because I'm going to enter the name here which
of course is normal text.
You can also assign a name to this input and you have to do this when using the template driven approach
an angler or.
So I'm going to give this a name of well let's say ingredient name here because it will guess what stored
the name of the ingredient we're adding.
You can also add a placeholder.
So again attributes as on a normal aged female input element dis ion input component actually is a wrapper
to that normal input element place holder could be Moq so that you have an example of what you could
enter in the empty input field and that's it for now.
We'll revisit this later though this creates my first input element with lay all next to it and if we
save this we should already be able to view it as an hour running application.
Here you see name and milk next to each other and this is my input field where I can enter.
Side note if you open this on a real device of course your keyboard will scroll up from the bottom.
So it's just not doing this here in the browser because keep in mind we're still on the browser.
We're going to view this app in a real device or on the emulator later though.
Now with this we finished or we added our first input.
Now let's also add the second one.
This show should allow us to enter the amount of items we want to add.
So name it or give it a label of amount and the type shall be number here because I only want to allow
the inputs of numbers.
The great thing about this type is if you set this to number the keyboard which will scroll up on a
real device it will all be this numbered keyboard which doesn't include normal characters but only numbers
that name.
I'll change this to a mount and placeholder this to to give an example for a valid amount now to finish
these basic form I also need to include a button and I will include this but outside of my eye and last
year I will simply add a button here add iron button to give it this typical style will have set the
type to submit.
It's a normal button element.
Always keep this in mind and it will set it to block to have it span over the full available with.
And I'll also distribute there were multiple lines so that it's a bit easier to read and I will say
at.
So this allows us to add the item or we could also say an item I guess this is now the button for this
form lasting us of this attribute.
All the properties here of my inputs to since we're going to add something there later.
And with this the basic four is finished let's now it looks good to me now.
The next step is to hook it up to where two angles you were to use anger or two template driven approach
to also extract some values.
When we do submit this form currently nothing happens when we do this